# homeworkApp

# TASKDAPP

Day 6 project on motoko-bootcamp. 

## community call

I have started this project thinking i would be able to finish it in just one day... but Noot,

# Let me PRESENT YOU "THE" TASK Dapp, 

### Fully Featured Must be:
### Fully on-chain task keeper app.
### internet Identity login. enabling access to your private task dashboard. 
### Private caller data. your Tasks are safe.
### shared task feed within a team.


## Project is really made in hurry, lot of refactor needed, And BUGGY haha. but still enjoyable.

## FEEL FREE TO CONTRIBUTE... IF we build it Together we share the price!!! 🏆🏆🏆

# Fair enough =)


#Live network URL here https://2a2b2-xiaaa-aaaao-ajlkq-cai.icp0.io/








## Running the project locally

If you want to test the project locally, you can use the following commands:

```bash
# Starts the replica, running in the background
dfx start --background

# Deploys your canisters to the replica and generates your candid interface
dfx deploy
```

Once the job completes, your application will be available at `http://localhost:4943?canisterId={asset_canister_id}`.

Additionally, if you are making frontend changes, you can start a development server with

```bash
npm start
```

Which will start a server at `http://localhost:8080`, proxying API requests to the replica at port 4943.

### Note on frontend environment variables

If you are hosting frontend code somewhere without using DFX, you may need to make one of the following adjustments to ensure your project does not fetch the root key in production:

- set`NODE_ENV` to `production` if you are using Webpack
- use your own preferred method to replace `process.env.NODE_ENV` in the autogenerated declarations
- Write your own `createActor` constructor
